New documentation (#12)
janet-lang/circlet: README.md

is a portable, low footprint, event based server library. The flexible build system requirements
of mongoose make it very easy to embed in other C programs and libraries.

## Installing

> You can add circlet as dependency in your `project.janet`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add Circlet as a dependency in your `project.janet`:
```

```clojure
(declare-project
  :name "web framework"
  :description "A framework for web development"
  :dependencies ["https://github.com/janet-lang/circlet.git"])
```

You can also install it system-wide with `jpm`:

```sh
jpm install circlet
```

## Usage

### Creating a server

Library provides means to create http server with `circlet/server` function with

> signarure: `(circlet/server handler port &opt ip-address)`. Parameters are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a HTTP server using the `circlet/server` function. The function is
of the form `(circlet/server handler port &opt ip-address)` and takes the
following parameters:
```

- `handler` function which will handle the incoming http request table, and
returns http response table. See below.
- `port` TCP port on which will the server listen for upcomming requests
- `ip-address` optional IP address on which server will listen. When not
provided defaults to 127.0.0.1. It can be * and server will then listen on all

> available IP addresses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `handler` function that takes the incoming HTTP request object (explained in
  greater detail below) and returns the HTTP response object.
- `port` number of the port on which the server will listen for incoming
  requests.
- `ip-address` optional string representing the IP address on which the server
  will listen (defaults to `“127.0.0.1”`). The address `“*”` will cause the
  server to listen on all available IP addresses.```

> Server runs immediately after creation on given host and port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server runs immediately after creation.
```

> ### Request table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Request object
```

The only argument, which `handler` function from previous section accepts is
the request. It is Janet `table` containing all the information about the

> request. It contains following keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `handler` function takes a single parameter representing the request. The
request is a Janet table containing all the information about the request. It
contains the following keys:
```

- `:uri` requested URI
- `:method` HTTP method of the request as a Janet string (e.g. "GET", "POST")
- `:protocol` version of the HTTP protocol used for request
- `:headers` Janet table containing all HTTP headers sent with the request. Keys
 in this table are Janet strings with standard header's name (e.g. "Host",

> "Accept"). Values are the HEADER content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `:headers` HTTP headers sent with the request as a Janet table. Keys in this
  table are Janet strings with standard header's name (e.g. "Host", “Accept").
  Values are the values in the HTTP header.
```

- `:body` body of the HTTP request
- `:query-string` query string part of the requested URI
- `:connection` internal mongoose connection serving this request

> ### Response table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Response object
```

Return value of the `handler` function must be Janet `table` containing at least
the `status` key corresponding to HTTP status of the response (e.g. 200 for the

> success).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The return value of the `handler` function must be a Janet table containing at
least the `status` key with an integer value that corresponds to the HTTP status
of the response (e.g. 200 for success).
```

> Other keys could be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other possible keys include:
```

> - `:body` the body of the HTTP response (e.g. HTML code for the page, JSON doc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `:body` the body of the HTTP response (e.g. a string in HTML or JSON)
```

- `:headers` a Janet `table` or `struct` with standard HTTP headers. Structure

> is the same as in HTTP request case above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `:headers` a Janet table or struct with standard HTTP headers. The structure is
  the same as the HTTP request case described above.
```

> ### Midlewares

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Middleware
```

The last functionality that Circlet provides is creating middlewares. You can
think about middlewares as chain for consuming the HTTP request. You can look at

> the `handle` function as a middleware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Circlet also allows for the creation of different “middleware”. Pieces of middleware can be thought of as links in a chain of functions that are used to consume the HTTP request. The `handler` function can be thought of as a piece of middleware and other middleware should match the signature and return type of the `handler` function, i.e. accept and return a Janet table.
```

Circlet provides `circlet/middleware` function which coerces any function or
table to middleware. Signature and the return value of the middleware must be the same
as for the `handler` function. Midlewares are often higher order functions

> (meaning they return another function) for parametrization at their create time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Middleware can be created in one of two ways. A user can define a function with
the appropriate signature and return type or use Circlet’s `circlet/middleware`
function to coerce an argument into a piece of middleware. Middleware pieces are
often higher-order functions (meaning that they return another function). This
allows for parameterization at creation time.
```

> #### Provided middlewares

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Provided middleware
```

> There are three basic middlewares provided by the Circlet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three basic pieces of middleware provided by Circlet:
```

- `(circlet/router routes)` simple routing facility. This function takes Janet
table containing the routes. Each key should be Janet string with URI (e.g.
"/", "/posts") and its value `handler` function same as in the text above.
- `(circlet/logger nextmw)` simple loggin facility. It just prints the request
info on `stdout`. The only argument is the next middleware. It is usually
`handler` function or the `router` middleware.
- `(circlet/cookies nextmw)` middleware which extracts the cookies from the HTTP

> header and puts it to request parameter under `:cookies` key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `(circlet/router routes)` simple routing facility. This function takes a Janet
  table containing the routes. Each key should be a Janet string matching a URI
  (e.g. `”/“`, `”/posts"`) with a value that is a function of the same form as
  the `handler` function described above.
- `(circlet/logger nextmw)` simple logging facility. This function prints the
  request info on `stdout`. The only argument is the next middleware.
- `(circlet/cookies nextmw)` middleware which extracts the cookies from the HTTP
  header and stores the value under the `:cookies` key in the request object.
```
